Add Code of Conduct for hackathon (#11)
UWB-ACM/Hackathon-Docs-2020: _docs/coc.md

---
layout: default
category: Logistics
title: Code of Conduct
order: 1
permalink: /code_of_conduct.html
---

# Code of Conduct

UWB Hacks the Cloud is going to be amazing! Let's lay some ground rules to make sure everyone has the best experience possible.

## TL;DR

The gist of the Code of Conduct is:

* be respectful to each other

> * don't plagarize other people's work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* don't plagiarize other people's work
```

* breaking these rules will have consequences

### Harassment

Our hackathon is dedicated to providing a safe and comfortable environment and harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of the following:

* gender
* gender identity and expression
* age
* sexual orientation
* disability
* physical appearance
* body size
* race
* ethnicity
* nationality
* religion
* political views
* previous hackathon attendance or lack of
* computing experience or lack of
* chosen programming language or tech stack

> We do not tolerate harassment of hackathon participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate at any hackathon venue; this includes the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We do not tolerate harassment of hackathon participants, judges, mentors, volunteers, or organizers in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate at any hackathon venue; this includes the following:
```

* hacks
* talks, presentations, or demos
* workshops
* any parties associated to the hackathon
* social media
* any other online media

> ### Plagarism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Plagiarism 
```

> We do not tolerate intentional direct plagarism of code or visual content from other participants or readily available resources on the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intentional direct plagiarism of code or visual content from other participants and readily available resources on the internet will not be tolerated.
```

> If your project uses visual or programmatic elements that your team didn't create from scratch, you are expected to attribute credit to the original author(s).

Reviewer: Simplify language
```suggestion
If your project uses visuals or program elements that your team didn't create from scratch, you are expected to attribute credit to the original author(s).
```

> Please use common sense, and take this opportunity to showcase your own individual creativity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please apply common sense in situations not defined in this code of conduct. Take this opportunity to showcase your own individual creativity.
```

### Consequences

Hackathon participants violating these rules may be sanctioned at the discretion of the hackathon organisers. Any of the following consequences may result:

* being asked to leave the event
* being banned from future events hosted by the organizers
* having awards revoked

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* campus security being notified in the event of direct harassment

```

### Inquiries

> If you have any questions about these rules, please contact [the hackathon organizers](https://uwbacm.com).

Reviewer 2: A few of the code of conduct examples I just scoped out for inspiration have a way for people to report violations of the code of conduct anonymously which I thought might make it easier for people to speak up if they're feeling uncomfortable, but also might pose a small logistical challenge with organizers having to monitor the form submissions during the hackathon 🤷‍♀  If we want to implement something like that, I can write up a Google Form people can use as a reporting tool and add it here.
```suggestion
If you have any questions about these rules, please contact [the hackathon organizers](https://uwbacm.com).

If you feel uncomfortable or think there may be a potential violation of the code of conduct, please report it immediately using the [Code of Conduct Violation Report]() form. All reporters have the right to remain anonymous.
```

* hacks
* talks, presentations, or demos
* workshops
* any parties associated to the hackathon
* social media
* any other online media

### Plagiarism 

Intentional direct plagiarism of code or visual content from other participants and readily available resources on the internet will not be tolerated.

If your project uses visuals or program elements that your team didn't create from scratch, you are expected to attribute credit to the original author(s).

Please apply common sense in situations not defined in this code of conduct. Take this opportunity to showcase your own individual creativity.

### Consequences

Hackathon participants violating these rules may be sanctioned at the discretion of the hackathon organisers. Any of the following consequences may result:

* being asked to leave the event
* being banned from future events hosted by the organizers
* having awards revoked
* campus security being notified in the event of direct harassment

### Inquiries

If you have any questions about these rules, please contact [the hackathon organizers](https://uwbacm.com).

> If you feel uncomfortable or think there may be a potential violation of the code of conduct, please report it immediately using the [Code of Conduct Violation Report]() form. All reporters have the right to remain anonymous.

Author: ```suggestion
If you feel uncomfortable or think there may be a potential violation of the code of conduct, please report it immediately using the [Code of Conduct Violation Report](https://forms.gle/NXxSczeFCLFaPtBY7) form. All reporters have the right to remain anonymous.
```
